what's up mrs. Adams here oh and this is
my
but they wasn't listening on a scale
1-10 how much do I like Justin Bieber I
don't know it really ranges anywhere
from the three point five to an eight
point five not gonna lie a lot of new
albums Crowley in 28.5 Rangers old stuff
for towards 23.5 but I give him an
average ratings average rating about six
point eight my daily diet consists of
rock Mars that's it that's actually all
I eat I cannot eat anything else I just
can't stomach it down you just prop
barks I'm definitely looking forward to
getting into Pro Racing and I've been
racing amateurs since I was five years
old I've been racing this pretty much
the same amateur nationals for a really
long time now and to switch it up it's
gonna be cool obviously it's way more
intense a lot faster guys and obviously
you have to live easy and you have you
know basically just be that TV coverage
in general and more twitter with that
comes more Twitter followers and from
Facebook Likes and more Instagram
falling or so I'm looking forward to it
I don't really know where I get my
fashion style from but I kind of try to
do my own thing I take little bits from
maybe what's popular is what I think
like skinny jeans wasn't properly but to
me I
it's not gonna happen so maybe I don't
go to wax MIT but I go straighten it so
I try to find a happy medium between
what I like and what's popular in since
I hit puberty do I know Lord no I do not
know more I my dad has made it very
clear that he will always know more than
me and he's always going to be the
smartest and so yeah eventually you know
we both know I'm gonna be able to beat
him up am I gonna tell him that I can
that I think that now no hopefully he
doesn't see this but no I've been sure
they'll be able to beat him up but it's
just not gonna happen right now
you